Some small rewordings (#6)
Programming-Contest-Foundation/pcf.community: content/wiki/Hosting-a-preliminary.md

# Hosting a preliminary

Hosting a preliminary contest not an easy endeavour to do. Starting from scratch is not trivial. This article outlines

> some basic starting points of a contest. These instructions are guidelines for a contest, but you are free to drop requirements if this block the hosting of a contest.

Reviewer: > ... requirements if this block the hosting of a contest.

should become
> ... requirements if this _is blocking for_ the hosting of a contest.

or
> ... requirements if this _blocks_ the hosting of a contest

> some basic starting points of a contest. Everywhere where we write ***should*** you can read *We hope you can do $x to be consistent* feel free to skip some suggestions to make sure you host an preliminary this year instead of being overwhelmed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
some basic starting points of a contest. These instructions are guidelines for a contest, but you are free to drop requirements if this block the hosting of a contest.
```
